Hello, my name is Michael Hoffman,
in this module I'll demonstrate project creation using the JHipster generator.
As the generator is going to prompt you for decisions on what you want created,
the goal of this module is for you to understand the impact
of these decisions on the final product.
JHipster makes many decisions on the scaffolding for you, but not all of them.
The tool gives you the opportunity to choose from different
options around several key decisions.
First, you'll need to define your application meta data.
You'll be able to select the type of application you want,
enter the application name, and enter the application package name.
Next, you need to decide on your method for authentication.
You'll be able to select between stateful and stateless options.
Then, you'll need to tell JHipster what type of database you're planning to use.
JHipster supports both SQL and NoSQL database types.
Next,
you'll get to select between Gradle and Maven as your server-side build tool.
Then, you need to select the client-side framework for your application.
You'll have the option of choosing the Angular version 4 framework,
or the Angular JS version 1 framework.
Finally,
you can choose additional test libraries on top of the unit test
frameworks that JHipster provides by default.
Given this list,
you should have some confidence that JHipster is covering all of
these important facets of the project for you.
Now let's start up our command line session, and see how the generator creates a project.